Business Source License 1.1

License text copyright (c) 2017 MariaDB Corporation Ab, All Rights Reserved.
"Business Source License" is a trademark of MariaDB Corporation Ab.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Business Source License 1.1

Terms

The Licensor hereby grants you the right to copy, modify, create derivative
works, use, and/or distribute copies of the Licensed Work, if and only if the
use of the Licensed Work does not involve providing commercial products or
services that compete with the products or services of Licensor, and the
use of the Licensed Work is otherwise in accordance with the Licensed Work.

Subject to the foregoing, you may use the Licensed Work under the terms of the
Business Source License, or the GNU General Public License, version 2, or any
later version, or the GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1, or any
later version.

Change Date: 2025-01-01

Change License: GNU General Public License, version 2, or any later version

On the date specified in the Change Date above, or in the case of the
Licensor's failure to specify a Change Date, then Change Date shall be the
date that is four (4) years after the date of first distribution of the
Licensed Work by the Licensor, or if the Licensed Work is distributed under
multiple licenses, the Change Date shall be the date of first distribution of
the Licensed Work under this Business Source License.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2025 Esraderey and Raul Cruz Acosta

All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

BUSL 1.1 Additional Terms

1. Commercial Use Restriction: The Licensed Work may not be used for commercial
   purposes that compete with the Licensor's business, including but not limited
   to providing competing products or services.

2. Attribution: You must retain all copyright notices and attribution to the
   original authors (Esraderey and Raul Cruz Acosta) in all copies of the
   Licensed Work.

3. Patent Grant: Subject to the terms and conditions of this license, each
   contributor hereby grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
   no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable patent license to make, have made, use,
   offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Licensed Work.

4. Termination: This license and the rights granted hereunder will terminate
   automatically if you fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such
   breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach.

5. No Warranty: THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
   WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
   WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
   MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

6. Limitation of Liability: IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN
   TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, UNLESS REQUIRED BY
   APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING, SHALL ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE TO
   YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
   CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER ARISING AS A RESULT OF THIS LICENSE
   OR OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED WORK.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

For questions about this license, please contact:
- Esraderey
- Raul Cruz Acosta
- Email: mneme@yourdomain.com

This license is effective as of January 1, 2025.
